Who is the famous author of the Harry Potter book series?
What was the name of the band who sang F.R.I.E.N.D.S.’ theme song?
Who was the fictional character Shrek marries in his titular film series?
Who was captain of Titanic?
The title of the musical play that won the 1960’s Oscar, where the story was based on Shakespeare’s Romeo & Juliet.
In Harry Potter, what does the wizard/witch need to say to open the Marauder’s Map?
In the first episode of F.R.I.E.N.D.S. Season 1, what was Rachel Green running away from?
Before Mike Myers was selected to perform Shrek’s voice, who was the other ‘Saturday Night Live’ performer initially cast as Shrek?
How many lifeboats were available on the Titanic?
The name of the lyric writer of the 1960’s musical West Side Story.
Which country will be the focus country of the 50th- edition of International Film Festival of India (IFFI)?
The Oscar winning short documentary film ‘Smile Pinki’ (2008) was directed by which director?
Aishwarya Rai was crowned Miss World in which year?
Who is known as the 'father of Indian Cinema'
Who played the role of Emperor Akbar in the movie 'Mughal e Azam'
Who is the first Indian film actor to win a "Best Actor" award in an International film festival
Which one is the longest film in India by running time
Who wins the first Dadasaheb Phalke Award
What is Spider-Man’s real name?
Which of the following is Superman's only weakness?
Batman is the protector of which city?
Which superhero's tools include bullet-proof bracelets and a magic lasso?
Which superhero carries an indestructible shield?
Which hero is known for the following catchphrase: “Don’t make me angry; you wouldn’t like me when I’m angry”?
Which blind superhero is sometimes known as the 'man without fear'?
How did Spider-Man develop his superpowers?
Which of these characters is NOT a member of the Justice League?
What animal is Alex in 'Madagascar'?
In 'Finding Nemo', what nickname do the other fish in the tank give Nemo?
What is Violet's superpower in 'The Incredibles'?
In 'Monsters, Inc.' - Who is the short, green, one-eyed monster?
In the 'Ice Age' movies, what kind of animal is Manny?
At the end of 'Frozen', what does Elsa throw away (and is later found by Marshmallow)?
On what fictional island is Jurassic Park located?
According to the founder, John Hammond – what was the first ever attraction on Jurassic Park?
What country is Jurassic Park supposedly located within?
Who directed Jurassic Park?
How many Academy Awards did Jurassic Park win?
What is the first feature film in Bangla language?
When was the Bangladesh Film Development Corporation (FDC) established?
What was the first Bangladeshi film to compete for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film?
The film “Most Welcome 2” is considered to be one of the most expensive films in the history of Bangla cinema. Who was the director of this film?
Who won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actor seven times?
This Bangla film actor won the most number of Bangladesh National Film Awards in the Best Actor category.
For which film did Joya Ahsan win the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actor?
Which one of these movies directed by Humayan Ahmed was inspired by the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War?
Which Bangladeshi actor appeared in a Satyajit Ray movie “Ashani Sanket” (Distant Thunder)?
Which one is the highest-grossing film ever?
Which Artist(s) has had the most #1 hits on the American Music Billboard charts?
How many seasons of the TV show 'FRIENDS' were there?
