Who was the inventor of lightning conductor?
Which of the following has the least penetrating power?
Atom bomb is based on the principle of
The visible range of solar radiation is
What is the unit of magnetic flux?
Scent sprayer is based on
Which one of the following pairs does not have the same dimension?
Nuclear fission is caused by the impact of
Which is the instrument for recording high temperature from a great distance?
What is the unit of power in SI?
Cooling is not done by
The working principle of a washing machine is
Why are the inner lining of hot water made up of copper?
The focal length of convex lens is
Rocket works on the principle of
In storms, the roofs of some houses are carried away. This is in accordance with
A cut diamond sparkles because of its
The blackboard seems black because it
Soap bubble looks coloured due to
What is the unit for measuring the amplitude of a sound?
Study of life in outer space is known as
The angular speed of a whirlwind in a tornado towards the centre
The magnetic needle always points in _____  direction.
The spread in colours in a rainbow on sky is primarily due to
Rise of mercury in a barometer indicates
Which one of the following pair doesn’t have the same dimensions?
The electric current density is
Nautical mile is a unit of distance used in
Which one of the following is the purest form of semiconductor?
Which zone of a candle flame is the hottest?
The force between two charged bodies was studied by ____
Who discovered the electric bulb?
Study of Earthquakes is known as
Which of the following is a vector quantity?
Which types of waves are utilized in the night visionary equipment?
Sound above what level (in decible) is considered hazardous noise pollution?
Which one of the following is diamagnetic?
The diode is a device which forces the current
Which one of the following phenomena shows particle nature of light?
Which of the following cannot be emitted by radioactive substances during their decay?
Which one of the following common devices works on the basis of the principles of mutual induction?
The coil in a heater is made of?
Which one of the following liquids is very good conductor of heat?
Which one of the following matter from the core of transformer?
The magnet is strongest near the
Sound travels faster in
Which of the following wavelengths will suffer maximum deviation while passing through a prism?
Relative humidity is measured by
Transformer is used
Who developed the atom bomb?